SCP-2198,SCP-886: make a start on explanatory content (#3096)
input-output-hk/plutus: doc/plutus/explanations/ledger.rst

.. _what_is_a_ledger:

What is a ledger?
=================

The :ref:`Plutus Platform<what_is_the_plutus_platform>` is designed to work with distributed ledgers (henceforth simply “ledgers”).
Ledgers are typically *implemented* with a blockchain, such as Cardano.
However, much of the time when we are talking about ledgers we don't care about the underlying implementation, and so we will just talk about the ledger itself.

.. note::

>     This is not always true: applications do need to care about details of how the underlying blockchian work, because that affects behaviour such as settlement time and rollback policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is not always true: applications do need to care about details of how the underlying blockchain works, because that affects behaviour such as settlement time and rollback policies.
```
